c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2WebForms.dll.config
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2WebForms.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2WebForms.pdb
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\obj\Debug\Prova2WebForms.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\obj\Debug\Prova2WebForms.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\obj\Debug\Prova2WebForms.dll
c:\users\bernardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\obj\Debug\Prova2WebForms.pdb
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\obj\Debug\Prova2WebForms.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\obj\Debug\Prova2WebForms.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\obj\Debug\Prova2WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\obj\Debug\Prova2WebForms.pdb
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2WebForms.dll.config
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2WebForms.pdb
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2Talp.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2Talp.pdb
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2Talp.dll.config
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\pt-br\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Bernardo\Source\Repos\P2Talp2\Prova2Talp\Prova2WebForms\bin\Prova2Talp.xml
